# RSA-testing

this program is written in python and is only for testing validation of RSA-encryption, RSA-decryption and RSA-CRT-speedup-decryption.

this program **is** aimed to validate the encryption part and the decryption part for your RSA algorithm: the program uses p,q,N,phiN,e,d within the ```testcase.txt``` and calls the function wriiten by you to encrypt the plaintext in ```testcase.txt```, if there's no problem with the algorithms, the command prompt should output the plaintext given in ```testcase.txt```. The program also compute the time your algorithm takes to perform pure decrypt compare to using CRT decrypt.

this program **does not** test the validation of key generated by yourself, instead, the key and arguments used in encrypt/decrypt are hard-coded inside the testcast.txt by the author.

# set up the enviroment

```git pull https://github.com/b10815061/RSA-testing```

the program assumes that you have 

    1.a folder named encrypt containing encrypt.py, which has a main function accepting argument 1,2,3 as msg,N,e, respectively.
    2.a folder named decrypt containing decrypt.py, which has a main function accepting argument 1,2,3 as cipher,N,d, respectively.
    3.a folder named CRT containing CRT.py, which has a main function accepting argument 1,2,3,4 as cipher,p,q,d respectively.

both of the above have a return value returning the result string after computaion(i.e.encrypt/decrypt/CRT).
    
if not, you can modify the code at line 27, line 46, line 71 in test.py so to apply your own funtion.
    
please format your program structure as follow:

```
  RSA-testing
      |--------encrypt
                  |--------encrypt.py
      |--------decrypt
                  |--------decrypt.py
      |--------CRT
                  |--------CRT.py
      .gitignore
      README.md
      test.py
      testcase.txt
```


# changing the input msg

you can change the input msg manually at line 9 in testcase.

    

